First, I need you to update the docs with a couple of points. 

1. We have webhooks that are live sending data to users for tavus and vapi so those should not be disrupted. 

2. If it is working on tavus or vapi it should be careful as its a live enrivonment. 

3. We need to preserve the existing users in the system 
4. we should be careful if testing any functions such as sms to test back on to itself using the textmagic api, to use neoweaver@gmail.com for testing outbound emails
5. That there is an agent named elliot that is a test only vapi agent that can make calls to the existing agents for testing
6. All tests need at least 3 deltas of proof and screenshots for each sprint and then the full e2e
7. To pay special attention to the context router and the additional store for uploaded data that will exist outside of the data synched from 3rd parties
8. to diff the new plan against the existing codebase to make sure there are no questions
9. That the UI is the source of truth. 

second, 

.  lets do one more pass of bug detection and go through the UI e2e to make sure everythign is right and that the documentation lines up all the way through using an agent team, and clean it all up with any files we dont need to prepare for implementation, and make any last minute updates to docs which you should scan to enforce correctness, then 

thirdI need a prompt to give to claude code that walks through the entire project. It should explain what files are where, hit on key points that need made, and explain that it needs to basically archive everything that is a potential conflict. Im going ot upload everyrthing you have in to a folder called "nexxus_21_Revision" so the prompt should instruct claude to backup the existing ui and claude.md and explode everything out in to the root before beginning. Make sure to mention the agent instructions file and the guidance on making this less monolithic to allow for modular paralell development with git commits where necessarry. Please make sure to explain this is a major revision (Nexxus 2.1) that uses your UI as the source of truth and does not alter its functionality only its content and it should preserve colors, accents and style.
